oh hello there welcome to the show I'm
your house tactics change and this is
another edition of real talk goons will
you email us your questions and we give
you real talk today on the show we
talked about being old fashioned is an
unattractive it's the turnoff to be
courteous and chivalrous well mannered
and polite to talk and dress with
elegance let's find out
can you round the opening thing please
thank you yeah we talked the real touch
of real talk is what we're gonna give to
y'all sit back relax just watch to
forget what your man did to y'all and
fellows will let you know where the
honey's freely into you and if she ain't
and never your mind put it behind brush
it off and senior brand there's no
tenting you wasting your time we talk to
real talk to you know we ain't mine
welcome to the world of real talk oh
yeah what's going on everybody is your
boy tactics and this is real time to
lose and you heard all that stuff in the
beginning so let's get on the ship shall
we Ashley right I'm very old-fashioned I
can't help it because it was how it was
brought up to be I try to have
impeccable manners I don't think sugary
is completely dead upon meeting someone
I always say it's such a pleasure to
meet you I don't feel comfortable collar
guy hot or sexy it feels more
appropriate to use the terms handsome
attractive or even charming unless I'm
very well acquainted with the guy I
value intelligence and honestly really
overlooks etc my question is good guys
is this unattractive when a typical guy
be interested in me Ashley no I don't
think it ever cocky at all very
old-fashioned myself really you were not
all animal fat I'm Gary old-fashioned
myself let's say you were to date this
girl she probably wouldn't tolerate you
swearing and cursing he would have to be
well-mannered was one of the first
things you've said I'm very well
mannered you're very vulgar no I don't
like you I see the beautiful like woman
is very beautiful you do not ask you
what I've got no I think I'm go out i
think i'm all talking to I think I'm
very old-fashioned I don't know I look
you're right i I'm s let's say you were
in a family gathering yeah with this
girl let's say you were doing and you
are elegant you know you were you a
class you were nice and classy dress
well you know you were super race and
all that stuff this girl could be done
with you you know yeah but come with
friends if you're with friends if I rock
for you guys yeah I know it's not
unattractive by any means it's just I
think you didn't
amber well it could get enough how I
would see it look for me it'll only be
annoying as she was she had a problem
with the way I was at she tried to
change me be like yeah like you know
whatever like but if she's like she's
calling she's cool with the way I am and
she's not trying to change me then fine
you whoever you want to Bozek with
someone with ang like oh that's a
disgusting yeah you know Bob guy do you
think a girl like that would be a freak
to play I think I'm not sure I think
she'd be like no no okay yeah seem like
hold it hold your penis but with nabeel
yeah didn't hopkin oh now in last week's
episode we ask you you have a superpower
what would that be now so many dads
answered some of you guys kind of just
came by watch the video and then left
shame shame here is what our TD has
chosen for their superpowers
super proud of it wish I had I wouldn't
want super speed super strong fly and
elementalist is like controlled fire
when water or I wanted to be speed in
all aspects like like I keep like fast
healing ability vast thought process too
much diplomat fast activation key Asian
promised to punch someone and then one
test really fast I could punch right
through your phone all right kill you
okay that would be dope with that power
I could do a lot more things than just
control the element if I control of wind
I can fly wait as part of the toy with I
could kill you with my punches I don't
really see myself as a villain I would
stand up for the little guy
you're doing it wrong
yo shout outs to Roxanne yo or a shout
out to Roxy because she gonna kick my
ass on my shoulder oh I'm a man of my
word so you a shot at you well I
promised I'd show yo so here is your
official shout out it was a pleasure
meeting you thank you for showing love
thank you for watching the videos I hope
you continue watching them like you said
you were going to otherwise i'm deleting
this shadow from the video know that i
will do it